Organise assets
bootloader?

Prototype Features for Heads Football Game

0. Efficient physics mechanics and game logic implementation + central default variable managment
1. Scene Transitions
2. Sprite Sheets and Atlas 
Use sprite sheets (or texture atlases) to organize game assets like characters, backgrounds, and objects efficiently.
3. Animations
4. Effect Managment 
Handle visual effects like explosions, size changes, type changes, player power-ups, or environmental changes (e.g., weather effects)
5. HTML (with Bootstrap) for insode game buttons
6. Loading scene
7. HUD and Information Display
Display important information such as the score, timer, and player stats on the screen.
8. AI Opponent
9. Audio - Sound handling
10. multiplayer 
11. Physics with matter js 
12. Modular Architecture
Structure the game into reusable, modular components that can be easily extended and maintained.
13. Base for Online Multiplayer Expansion
Set up a foundational system that can be extended to support online multiplayer functionality.

Next Steps:
Ball effects should be new objects in the same space / speed / rotationspeed
Correct bowling and volley ball to match
Effects for ball / player movements and kick
Better ball
Btter jump managment based on collision not y
Reevaluate Game Mechanics values for best gameplay
Improve AI opponent
    Add more diverse opponent behaviors and strategies.
    Prevent issues like player stumbling or unnatural movements.
    Incorporate additional data for more realistic AI performance.
Add female player characters
Voice Command Integration
Sound Effects Based on Speed and Force
Jump Mechanics Based on Button Hold Duration
Refactor Head-Leg Movement
Refactor the head-leg interaction using components or constraints for better gameplay.
Refactor Leg Movement
Improve the movement of legs, possibly implementing them as triangles, flippers, or using JSON for more dynamic movement.leg as triangle / flipper / allo sxima / json sxima
Impproved Sound Management
Use a registry to manage sound volumes and sound effects across the game.
better memorry managment
better goal shaking
user registry for passing info between scenes, not just args

fainting score
scene.tweens.add({
    targets: faintText,
    alpha: 0,  // Fade out to invisible
    duration: 2000,  // Fade out over 2 seconds
    delay: 2000,  // Wait 2 seconds before starting the fade-out
    ease: 'Power2',  // Smooth easing
});

AI-Generated Graphics
Use AI tools to quickly generate drafts of graphics that can be refined later, reducing costs and time spent on artwork.sounds when paused

Simple Online testing
Option 1: Host the game directly via a public IP for online play.
Option 2: Use a tunneling service like ngrok to host the game locally and expose it online.

Additional Effects
[
    water
    invisible ball (alpha)
    hat
    ball with wings
    snow
    rain
    night
    drunk,
    this.cameras.main.setAngle(30);
    https://docs.phaser.io/phaser/concepts/fx#gradient
]
Make the endgame and menu scenes more engaging by adding additional visual flair or animations.ball graphics for rotation(?)
Ball Rotation Graphics
Accurate Graphics Based on Display Size
Scale graphics to match the screen size for a consistent experience on different devices.
Campaign Mode
Implement a campaign mode with levels or challenges for the player to progress through.
